 Did Indonesians just turn the one-piece flag into a symbol of protest against their government? Well, it's August, meaning that it's Independence Month in Indonesia. And as per tradition, usually people would put up the Indonesian flag everywhere. But this year, apparently some people are not in the mood to raise the Indonesian flag out of disappointment for their government. Instead, they are raising the one-piece Jolly Roger flag, inspired by the trend that's apparently been happening in Indonesian social media. To this, the coordinating minister for political and security affairs says that it's provocative, and undermined dignity of the Indonesian flag, and even hinted at possible criminal charges. Other Gold Car members even said that this can be considered as treason. Funly, according to several media analysis, this one-piece flag raising trend started end of July. It's a form of fun sees, so there's no political undertone. It's just people, like, one-piece fans want to wrap their favorite anime. So what probably happened is that the trend got big. One or two people joined in as a form of political expression. They got interviewed by the media. The story blew up, and the government took it seriously, now it blew out of proportion, and the joke is writing itself. But then again, one-piece has always been political. Let's be real. It talks a lot about justice and freedom, and the flag actually symbolizes a form of freedom that questioned the state definition of good and evil. To feed himself frees a lot of islands from Tyrant, and can be seen as a symbol of liberation. One-piece does deal with a lot of political subjects, such as racism, nationalism, corrupt government. You're a racer of history, persecution of intellectualism, and I mean, if the shoes fit, and let's be real. Fiction has always been used as a form of medium to communicate resistance and protest all around the world, from laymess a song, to fee for Fandetta, to the symbol from Hunger Games, and apparently now the one-piece flag. Not only that, fandom has also been playing an active role in movement all around the world, including Indonesia. Indonesia itself is home to a large anime community and fandom, including one piece obviously, and has already been using anime top to communicate their frustration towards the government, to top politics, and basically engage in politics. Some people are communicating and engaging in their country very differently, as culture and communication mesh more and more with pop culture, meme culture, the internet, social media, and fandom world. It's memeable, it's accessible, and it's basically political literacy, just not the type that the older generation is familiar with. Maybe the revolution won't be televised, but it will be tweeted, clipped, streamed, and stitched. The government should understand that demonizing this form of expression will not do anything but amplify, because you cannot stop culture. Instead of playing defensive, maybe the government should take a long hard look in the mirror on why some people refuse to raise the Indonesian flag during the Independence Day. Because when even the people who produces this, I love Indonesia meme, are dissolution. Maybe something is definitely wrong. But honestly, maybe they're just mad because the flag is scary, you know, it's black, has a skull. So may I suggest a more palatable flag instead?