 back then, you were actually not very engaged. I mean, you were an interested in politics. I mean, it's like, when I was much younger, I was also like, oh, what is this? It's just like not relevant to me. So what was your personal story? What happened to you that made you feel, hey, this needs to change. I'm going to make what is up Indonesia. This needs to change Toronto. I think it has a lot to do with my background. So I grew up never engaging in politics, never updating myself in politics, always seems very distant and doesn't really affect my life. And even if we were to engage, there'll be nothing will change anyways. So that was like the perception that I have. So I was very oblivious. And I do acknowledge that I'm very privileged that I'm able to go about my life, business as usual without acknowledging politics. Right. But then, of course, there'll be a series of events, but the most significant ones are... I saw this podcast, I forgot who, but that person says that... Do you realize that every single quality of your life, every single sphere of your life, are actually affected by politics, for example? How expensive would your favorite food be? That's politics. Will there be cool music festival just the ones that we have earlier, right? That's politics, can black pink perform in Indonesia, right? That's politics. So it's actually very close to us, and it's actually very relevant in the real way. And then I realized again that, oh, Indonesia is actually a democracy, meaning that we actually get to negotiate the rules of the game we get to play. So by us not participating or being aware, it's like we're handing the steering wheel to someone else, and then complaining afterwards, right? And then finally, it was actually the 2019 huge protest, a student protest that really maybe like, what's at stake is actually very real, and so I just cannot be epithetic or oblivious anymore. As I became more politically aware, I also became more aware that my peers are not that aware, right? During the 2019 protest, they were protesting a lot of things. Part of it was the proposed criminal code, but which already arrived by today. Yeah. And also back then there was Eru Upe KF, yes, it was the bill for sexual violence, which already arrived by today too. But back then it was postponed yet again, right? And then closely together with those two events, was the George Floyd Black Lives Matter. Right. Not a major. Oh, yes, 2020. Yeah, so those three events, right? And then all I see from my friends, my peers, are dumb speaking out about Black Lives Matter and George Floyd, which is not bad. Right. But you're in Indonesia. Yeah. But then that means they care about social politics, but they just care about the US, right? Right. And then but they have no clue about Eru Upe KF, about Eru Upe. So it made me question you, like why do you care and land your voice so much to a social political issue that is halfway across the globe? Well, you also have structural issues, a social political issue that are very real here. And then second is because these kids who are oblivious, they're the ones who can actually get to room, sit at the table with policymakers. Maybe it's their dad, maybe it's their uncle, right? Or they have circles that are influential. So they're the ones who actually, if they speak out, their voices can reach more influential spheres. Yeah. So it's very ironic that they're the ones who are the most oblivious. And so me and Faye, my co-founder, we have this hypothesis then, we're like, okay, so the care is there. Maybe it's language issues. Because they grew up studying in English. They're in Indonesia is not that good, maybe. So when they were here. Yeah, here. I don't have the same problems when I have to read those official documents. It's not easy to get through. That's why I can like guess that hypothesis, right? And so I thought, oh, maybe if I translated in English then, make it more accessible and digestible. Full proof social politics in Indonesia for dummies 101. I would love this. I would love this. And stuff so maybe. I'm making it more fun as well. Maybe they'll understand. And maybe I'll pick their interest. And we'll see if the care is there. And so what is up in Indonesia, we made that. So it's basically an experiment to test that hypothesis. And yeah, that's it.